fix(glossary): added glossary terms (#7474)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/new-relic-solutions/get-started/glossary.mdx

    Data points are collected together based their timestamps and reported as a batch. The customizable aggregation window provides greater flexibility and fewer false violations when alerting on irregular or less frequent data points.
  </Collapser>

<CollapserGroup>
  <Collapser
    className="freq-link"
    id="AI"
    title="AI"
  >
  Applied intelligence (AI) helps you find, troubleshoot, and resolve problems more quickly. Specifically, it’s a hybrid machine learning engine that reduces alert noise, correlates incidents, and automatically detects anomalies.

>   Detection & AI includes alerts, incident correlation, automatic anomaly detection, and customizable workflows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Our detection & AI capability includes alerts, incident correlation, automatic anomaly detection, and customizable workflows.
```

    See [alert condition](#alert-condition).
  </Collapser>

    <Collapser
    id="conditions"
    title="conditions"
  >

>   You use alert conditions to define when and why your team wants to be notified if your entities aren't working the way you want. Conditions are used to set the criteria that needs to be met in order for your team to be notified about lag time, code errors, Apdex scores, high CPU usage, etc. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use alert conditions to define when and why your team will be notified if your entities aren't working the way you want. With conditions, you establish the criteria for notifications about lag time, code errors, Apdex scores, high CPU usage, and more. 
```

    * If your alert condition threshold is configured as `at least once in`, the degradation period always lasts a single minute.
  </Collapser>

  <Collapser
    id="dependencies"
    title="dependencies"
  >

>   A dependency is the code that your application depends on in order to function.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  A dependency is the code that your application depends on in order to function. New Relic provides a list of  all the applications, services, databases, and hosts we can tell are connected to an entity. On the **Dependencies** UI page, you can find an entity's upstream and downstream dependencies, and the paths to explore them. 
```

  </Collapser>

  <Collapser
    id="destinations"
    title="destinations"
  >
  Destinations are where we send notifications about your New Relic data. A destination is a unique identifier for a third-party system that you use.

  Destination settings contain the connection details to integrate with third-party systems and can be used across a variety of tools in New Relic.
  </Collapser>

  <Collapser
    id="dimensional-metric"
    title="dimensional metric"
  >
    A **dimensional metric** is a metric that has multiple [attributes](#attribute), also known as dimensions. At New Relic, we report dimensional metrics using the [`Metric` data type](/docs/using-new-relic/data/understand-data/new-relic-data-types#dimensional-metrics). For more on other metric data types, see [Metric data](/docs/using-new-relic/data/understand-data/new-relic-data-types#metrics).
  </Collapser>

  <Collapser
    className="freq-link"
    id="distributed_tracing_and_trace_groups"
    title="distributed_tracing_and_trace_groups"
  >

>   Distributed tracing is a method of monitoring requests as they flow through various cloud environments. Distributed tracing tracks a request by tagging it with a unique identifier. This allows your team to have a real time understanding of the interactions taking place within your entities.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Distributed tracing is a method of monitoring requests as they flow through various cloud environments. Distributed tracing tracks a request by tagging it with a unique identifier. This allows your team to have a real- time understanding of the interactions taking place within your entities.  
```

>   Distributed tracing is a method of monitoring requests as they flow through various cloud environments. Distributed tracing tracks a request by tagging it with a unique identifier. This allows your team to have a real- time understanding of the interactions taking place within your entities.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Distributed tracing is a method of monitoring requests as they flow through various cloud environments. Distributed tracing tracks a request by tagging it with a unique identifier. This allows your team to have a real-time understanding of the interactions taking place within your entities.  
```

    id="event"
    title="event"
  >

>    In the software industry, events can be thought of as simply “things that occur in a system.” For example, a server setting being changed would be an event. Another example: a website user clicking a mouse.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   In the software industry, events can be thought of as simply “things that occur in a system.” For example, changing a server setting is an event. Another example: a website user clicking a mouse.
```

>     Some events will generate a stored record, and that record is typically also called an event. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Some events generate a stored record, and that record is typically also called an event. 
```

    At New Relic, an **exporter** is a type of [integration](https://newrelic.com/instant-observability/) that reports telemetry data to New Relic from a third-party (non-New Relic) telemetry tool. For examples, see [Exporters](/docs/data-ingest-apis/get-data-new-relic/new-relic-sdks/telemetry-sdks-send-custom-telemetry-data-new-relic#external-data), or search our [integration quickstarts in New Relic I/O](https://newrelic.com/instant-observability/).
  </Collapser>

  <Collapser
    className="freq-link"
    id="facet"
    title="facet"
  >

>     A facet helps your team compare information that has many variables. you can query New Relic data in NRQL and use facets to segment the displayed data. For example if you want to know where your CPU data is being used, you could segment your CPU data by the hostname facet:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    A facet helps your team compare information that has many variables. You can query New Relic data in NRQL and use facets to segment the displayed data. For example, if you want to know where your CPU data is being used, you can segment your CPU data by the hostname facet:
```

    [Logs in context](/docs/logs/enable-log-management-new-relic/configure-logs-context/configure-logs-context-apm-agents) makes it easy to link to your log data with related data across the rest of our platform. Bringing all of this data together in a single tool allows you to quickly get to the root cause of an issue and find the log lines that you need to identify and resolve a problem.
  </Collapser>

  <Collapser
    id="lookout-new-relic-lookout"
    title="lookout-new-relic-lookout"
  >

>   New Relic Lookout provides an intuitive view of entities that are deviating from normal behavior, using circle visualization with color indicating severity and size conveying the scale of recent changes. You don't need to configure anything: New Relic Lookout automatically compares performance within the last five minutes against the previous hour.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  New Relic Lookout provides an intuitive view of entities that are deviating from normal behavior, using circle visualization. Color indicates severity, and size of circles conveys the scale of recent changes. You don't need to configure anything: New Relic Lookout automatically compares performance within the last five minutes against the previous hour.
```

    id="metrics"
    title="metric"
  >
  In the software monitoring industry, a metric means a numeric measurement of an application or system. 

>   To learn how New Relic uses metrics, see [New Relic data types](/docs/data-apis/understand-data/new-relic-data-types/). 

Reviewer: Not sure if this will be too big a space. You might need to remove this extra line.

Author: Fixed this!

    At New Relic, we use namespaces to help organize the data we store in the New Relic database (NRDB). From a customer perspective, the most practically relevant use of the namespace concept is how it pertains to [data retention](/docs/data-apis/manage-data/manage-data-retention). The namespace is what sets the default data retention period for various types of data. For example, data types in the `Logging` namespace all have the same data retention, and data types in the `APM` namespace all have the same data retention.
  </Collapser>

  <Collapser
    id="navigator-new-relic-navigator"
    title="navigator-new-relic-navigator"
  >

>   New Relic Navigator makes it easy to explore large numbers of entities as it displays the entire estate of your system in a highly dense honeycomb view with traffic light colors based on [alerts] (/docs/alerts-applied-intelligence/new-relic-alerts/learn-alerts/alerts-concepts-workflow/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  New Relic Navigator makes it easy to explore large numbers of entities in one view. Navigator displays the entire estate of your system in a highly dense honeycomb view with traffic light colors based on [alerts] (/docs/alerts-applied-intelligence/new-relic-alerts/learn-alerts/alerts-concepts-workflow/).
```

    For in-depth scriptable testing, including real browser tests and tests of API endpoints, see [Synthetic Monitoring](/docs/synthetics/new-relic-synthetics/getting-started/new-relic-synthetics). Synthetic Monitoring includes free ping monitoring, which allows you to monitor your website from locations around the world. For more information, see [Types of Synthetic monitors](/docs/synthetics/new-relic-synthetics/getting-started/types-synthetics-monitors).
  </Collapser>

  <Collapser
    id="policy"
    title="policy"
  >

>    A policy is bucket for similar conditions so that you can see them all in one place. So, if your team wants to examine all of the conditions for your Java application, you will need to create a policy to contain those conditions.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   A policy is a bucket for similar conditions so that you can see them all in one place. So, if your team wants to examine all of the conditions for your Java application, you need to create a policy to contain those conditions.  
```

    Tags are key:value metadata added to monitored apps, hosts, dashboards, and other entities to help you organize your data at a high level. For details, see [Tags](/docs/new-relic-one/use-new-relic-one/core-concepts/tagging-use-tags-organize-group-what-you-monitor).
  </Collapser>

  <Collapser
    id="telemetry"
    title="telemetry"
  >

>     Basically, when you're using New Relic, you're gathering telemetry data. The process of automating an instrument to collect data about your systems. You use New Relic to monitor your systems and collect data in the form of metrics, events, logs, and traces. New Relic then stores that collected data in our servers, which you can access and analyze through your dashboards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Basically, when you're using New Relic, you're gathering telemetry data. With New Relic, you monitor your systems and collect data in the form of metrics, events, logs, and traces. New Relic then stores that collected data in our servers, which you can access and analyze through your dashboards.
```
